and we're recording ad - my name is
cabeza bas welcome to my room welcome to
my channel and today when you talk about
soap the really big that has happened in
my wife you are looking at a 2015
graduate yes I conquered high school and
middle school in elementary school and
pre-k whoa now all I have left to do is
college but I have fought the good fight
in high school and I figure you know
what how about I share some of my wisdom
to all of you guys out there so I
present to you a little series that I
call confessions of a high school
graduate so the three tips I'm going to
share with you today all correlate with
this one story that I'm about to share
tip number one map out all of your
classes all the routes to get there you
got a map and out I'm talking about
where you gonna make your bathroom stuff
where you gonna meet up with your
friends and walk with them to clot
number two always bring extra clothes
and lastly number three build some good
relationships with your teachers because
it will pay off
trust me story time with Kirby let's
flash it back all the way to freshman
hair young naive little Hermione Granger
before the hot stage look in Kirby so
one day me a little Kirby I was sitting
in AP geography with all my friends and
there was this one app on the phone
called ID Kappa and basically what it
does is you take a picture and it puts
like a dirty caption on it but it was
really funny gets to lunch we're playing
all throughout lunch and I'm dying like
I'm crying laughing and I'm like you
know what guys I really have to go to
the bathroom but then I realized I was
running late to class because I was
talking with all my friends and I didn't
follow the mapped out route that I made
so I ran up to class with all my friends
and the teacher was about to open the
door and we all decided let's take one
more picture this is the picture that
ruined my life my friends pops into one
of my other friends arms and he was like
holding him and we take a picture and
the caption was perfect but it was so
funny I was crying everyone like dropped
to the floor cuz we were laughing so
hard so we're all laugh and having a
jolly good time then
the floodgates opened I laugh a lot and
I'm small bladder
it was a yellow waterfall just she liked
it I just I peed myself like I flat-out
peed myself
in front of all my friends but none of
them noticed thank God none of them
noticed it was horrible it was horrible
so for any of you that were in that
class with me now you know surprise so I
walk into class finally and I'm just
like a scary cat please please please
please please please go to the back and
change my pants er do something I really
have to go to bed and you go to the
front office any comment mom and she was
all like oh you can't
oh we have to take a test today here's
the thing she really likes me as a
person died in horrible requests I
didn't study for anything like let's be
honest I tied my little jacket around my
waist and I just sat there in my own
misery for the 30 minutes I had left in
that class my other class was all the
way on the other side of the hallway
after that and I bolted to that class
because I had mrs. Ziegler I get to her
class and I'm like okay great I really
need the dance areas to front office I
call my mom except mergency I guess she
was in a bad mood and she was all like
well pervy you're not allowed to go down
there don't use that tone of voice with
me not sit down Kirby okay I mean my
life is already in shambles okay so I
sit down in that class and we were
probably taking a test cuz we literally
took tests every day in her class AP
English and yeah I guess she didn't like
me it was weird because outside she
liked me as person but I guess she
didn't like me as a student even though
all my other teachers that I've ever had
have enjoyed me as a student and a
person but those two for some reason I
don't know why that class is over with
and I'm just like you know what I don't
even care anymore I walk all the way
downstairs to my last class and I just
sit down and my friends are like and I
look at them and I say you know I paid
myself okay I peed myself oh my gosh it
just now yeah right then after that
class I went home and finally changed my
pants just make sure to bring extra
clothes in case that happens use your
time walking in the hallways to go to
the bathroom to of
or those situations and make sure you
have good relationships with your
teachers because you'll never know when
that might come in handy all right
everybody I hope you guys enjoyed that
little story that I have for you if you
guys would like a part two to this video
how about you give this a thumbs up
let's try to get this to 2925 White's
can we do that I think we can also how
about you guys comment down below a
funny embarrassing story that's happened
to you guys in high school or middle
school or whatever your grades that you
are in because believe me I need a good
chuckle after that story don't forget to
subscribe all my social media is down
below along with my P o box if you ever
want to send me anything and with that
note remember to keep on keepin on I
will catch you guys on the flipside
ah
[Music]